---
layout: page
title: Research
tags: [research]
comments: false
---

## Mobley Lab

![2vuw](/assets/img/2vuw.png)

<center><i>A rendering of the protein 2VUW, generated with 3dmol.js</i></center>

I am currently doing research with the [Mobley Lab](https://www.mobleylab.org),
a lab which applies computational and theoretical chemistry methods to
understand and predict biological processes and thus enhance industrial
applications like drug discovery. Within the lab, I am working with [Dr. David
Mobley](https://www.mobleylab.org/people/david-mobley/) and [Jessica
Maat](https://mobleylab.org/people/jessica-maat/) on improving the
parametrization of impropers in
[smirnoff99frosst](https://github.com/openforcefield/smirnoff99Frosst).
smirnoff99frosst is a molecular dynamics [force
field](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_field_(chemistry)>) developed by the
[Open Force Field Initiative](https://openforcefield.org/), an organization
which includes the Mobley Lab. I am also working on
[MOVES](https://github.com/btjanaka/moves), a Slack app that uses
[3dmol.js](https://3dmol.csb.pitt.edu/) to enable users to view molecules in
Slack.

## Mall Security Robots

Under the mentorship of [Dr. Caesar
Sereseres](https://www.faculty.uci.edu/profile.cfm?faculty_id=2577), I have
worked on an independent research project entitled _Implications of Mall
Security Robots on the Privacy of Shoppers_. In the project, I analyzed the
privacy implications of using security robots like Knightscope's
[K5](https://www.knightscope.com/knightscope-k5/) to carry out security tasks in
malls. This included looking at how reasonable expectations of privacy applied
to these robots, as well as how the robots maintained data privacy.
